when people ask us about time zones the
basic answer is that we are there to
support our customers and most of our
customers are in the u.s. often on the
eastern time zone or Pacific time zone
we place a very high value on client
service think about a five-star
restaurant or hotel as a customer every
need you have is anticipated and the
staff goes out of its way to make it a
pleasant experience at clever tech we
aspire to do the same and that means we
have to match the time zone of our
customer if you are able to be available
in those time zones eastern standard
time through Pacific Standard Time or at
the very least six hours of overlap with
that time zone that's what we need for
good collaboration with the team and the
client